BD-2844: Clarify details for AMP email editor (#6920)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/amphtml.md

}
```

## Creating your AMP email

First, build your AMP email using [components](#components). Next, use the [Braze API](#api-usage) to send your message, making sure to include `amp_body` for your AMP HTML.

> In addition to the AMP HTML, we require a regular HTML `body` version and suggest a `plaintext_body` version of your AMP email. All AMP emails are sent out multipart, meaning Braze sends out an email that supports HTML, plaintext, and AMP HTML. This becomes useful in the event that your email is sent via a provider who doesn't yet support AMP for email since the email will automatically defaulting to the appropriate version based on the user and their device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the AMP HTML, we require a regular HTML `body` version and suggest a `plaintext_body` version of your AMP email. All AMP emails are sent out multipart, meaning Braze sends out an email that supports HTML, plaintext, and AMP HTML. This becomes useful in the event that your email is sent via a provider who doesn't yet support AMP for email because the email will automatically default to the appropriate version based on the user and their device.
```
